---
layout: post
title: InfraWorks Web-Services REST API Preview
category: CivilDev
tags:
    - infraWorks
    - rest
    - api
---

For the past year, as I mentioned in my 
[previous blog post](http://civilizeddevelopment.typepad.com/civilized-development/2013/12/the-year-in-retrospective.html) 
(which was published 
a long time ago), I’ve been working on Autodesk InfraWorks; specifically, in a 
new REST API that allows third-party applications to access model data from a 
published AIW model. With the 2015 release cycle, the REST API has moved to a 
technology preview state, and we want to open access to the preview to all 
developers out there interested in integrating InfraWorks Web-Services with 
their applications.

Augusto Goncalves has published a very nice post to get everyone started. 
Augusto is also coordinating access to the preview, so you should contact him 
directly (he is so nice, that he has posted his e-mail in the article) or your 
A.D.N. representative inquiring about the program. The requirements are simple. 
All we want is a brief description of how you intend to integrate the service. 
You should read Augusto’s article and watch his presentation, but before you go 
and do that, I want to explain what this new API is all about and which 
opportunities opens for Autodesk, InfraWorks, and third-party applications.

It doesn’t take much to get excited about Autodesk InfraWorks after you have 
seen a demo of the product or tried it your-self. To say that it is one of the 
coolest applications I’ve seen in many years, might be a bit of an 
understatement. The way the product has been evolving and the myriad of new 
features that have been introduced in the past year make it a serious contender 
against any Infrastructure product out there. But the secret behind the product 
is its data. InfraWorks is as good as the data you feed it. The better the data 
is; the better it gets. 

InfraWorks is a data driven application.The workflows and tools it provides are 
targeted to rapidly aggregate data from many sources to create the initial 
models. As the user interacts with the application, more data is aggregated to 
enable user to rapidly create conceptual designs. Once the initial concepts are 
added, the data can be tweaked to make it more accurate. In InfraWorks, 
everything is about the data.

The initial goal of the InfraWorks REST API is to enable third-party 
applications and services to access the data users are creating and publishing 
with InfraWorks. Third-party applications can build on top of this API and 
evolve the user experience providing new ways in which the data is consumed, 
analyzed, or reported. All of this without being bound to a specific platform or 
technology; not even bound to a specific version of InfraWorks. The InfraWorks 
Web-Services REST API, at least in its initial release, is all about the data.

The REST API provides new means of integration creating opportunities for 
collaboration, mobility, virtual reality, or any other application you can 
imagine. The world of technology is changing, and it is changing at a faster 
pace than we perceive. What we though impossible just a few years ago, today is 
a reality, and the InfraWorks REST API enables InfraWorks and third-party 
applications to become part of that future.

Like with any new technology, there is still a long way to go, and many things 
we still need to learn. That is why we are releasing this technology preview. We 
want you to start using it, to start building the future, and to provide us with 
feedback, so we can make it even better. Now go ahead and check Augusto’s 
presentation, contact him with your great idea, and request access to the API; 
and when you build the next cool product, let us know about it. Of course, let 
us know about any bumps on the road you might find, so we can smooth them for 
others coming behind.