---
layout: post
title: Developer Day Conference and DevLab
category: CivilDev
tags:
    - general
    - autodesk
---

There are many benefits about joining the Autodesk Developer Network (ADN), but 
one of the coolest ones is to be able to assist and participate in the 
conferences they organize. This year there are some many good topics prepared 
for those conference that I will be very disappointed if I cannot assist to at 
least one of them.

This year, Autodesk DevDays 2013, which is the official conferences name, has 
selected rEvolution as the topic. They use rEvolution to signify where the 
Desktop meets the Cloud, and the presentations prepared will demonstrate what 
Autodesk products have been doing to integrate our usual desktop applications 
with the increasing number of Cloud services the company is providing. Here is a 
brief of the official announcement.

> Got great ideas for cloud and mobile apps? Want to learn where Autodesk is 
taking the convergence of desktop computing and cloud technology?

> If you’re an innovator developing on Autodesk platform technology and have not 
yet attended an Autodesk Developer Network Conference join us for a deep dive as 
we take an in-depth look at Autodesk’s newest technologies and the next 
generation of products coming in 2014. The Autodesk Developer Network is holding 
its annual, worldwide Developer Day Conference and DevLab in cities around the 
world from November 2013 through February 2014.

> Called Autodesk DevDays 2013, the theme for this year’s event is rEvolution – 
Where Desktop meets the Cloud.  Come and learn about upcoming releases of 
several new web service APIs from Autodesk.  You’ll see how these new web 
services extend the power of the desktop: delivering easy collaboration, 
limitless compute power and big data – and are platforms that can deliver the 
same to you and your customers.  It’s an opportunity to learn about a range of 
“360 based” web service APIs delivering you Cloud based platforms for a number 
of industries - Manufacturing, AEC, Infrastructure and more. And, we will of 
course also cover what’s new in the next releases of our desktop products 
(AutoCAD®, Autodesk® Revit®, Autodesk® Inventor®, AutoCAD® Civil 3D® and so on)!

> Note that material at Developer Days is forward-looking and highly 
confidential so ADN membership is required. Maybe you are using ADN Open and 
forums and would like to attend DevDays? Visit 
[www.autodesk.com/joinadn](http://www.autodesk.com/joinadn) or send 
an email to your [local ADN representative](http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=473880) 
and let’s talk. We like to hear from — 
and help — interested parties, innovators and companies just getting started.

The [conference registration page](http://developer-days.autodesk-services.com/) 
contains more information about the specific dates in your area. Make sure you 
register, and hopefully, I will see you there.