---
layout: post
title: The Year in Retrospective
category: CivilDev
tags:
    - general
    - autodesk
---

I can’t believe we are the tail end of 2013. With a couple of weeks to go, I 
look back, and I can say it has been a very interesting year. It was a year ago 
when one of my then bosses, Jim, approached me to talk about my role for the 
upcoming year. We talked about different possibilities, but there was one option 
that really excited me. He offered me to take the position of Product Owner of 
the InfraWorks API. 

Our group, and pretty much every group in the Company, was transitioning or had 
been transitioned to use an Agile development approach. With the change, new 
roles and responsibilities were defined, so now you can hear about Product 
Owners and Scrum Masters, and there is a myriad of Scrum Teams within each 
organization. I’ve been following the Agile movement for quite some time, and 
there were many things that attracted me in it. During the years I worked in the 
Civil 3D API, we took baby steps into becoming more Agile, and the results were 
highly satisfactory.

There were two thing that really excited me about the new role. The first one 
was to have the opportunity to start a new team that will focus in Agile 
development. Transitioning an existing team can be done, but it takes a lot 
longer if you want to maintain the team’s productivity. When you start from 
scratch, you still need some time to adapt depending on the team’s experience, 
but the transition is smoother; especially, if everyone in the team is on-board 
with the new process.

The second thing that excited me was the opportunity to work on InfraWorks. I 
had seen many demos of the product, and it looked so fresh and interesting that 
I was very happy to be part of it. As I learned more about the product’s roadmap 
and the future vision for the technology, I became more and more excited to be 
part of it.

I started the year with great ambitions. I was completely energized with my new 
role, and I had the plan to keep up with the Civil 3D API even when I wasn’t 
going to be part of the team. I had many plans for this blog and plenty of ideas 
for articles that explained the functionality released with the 2014 version.

Then reality set in. I’ve learned that Agile really means fast. Working on an 
Agile environment leaves very little time for distractions. Your focus is on 
completing each sprint successfully and when you are starting something new, 
there is a lot of work to be done. Unfortunately, this meant I had to put aside 
some of my plans. This blog has suffered because I didn’t have time to talk 
about what we did in the Civil 3D API, and I couldn’t write about the project I 
was working on. I also had to set aside my plans to keep up with what was 
happening in the Civil 3D API world and concentrate my focus on the new project.

Still, it has been a very interesting year for me, and I can say I had a lot of 
fun working on this new project. I’ve learned quite a few things, and I cannot 
wait to start sharing those experiences with you. I hope to see you around, and 
I’m looking forward to the new challenges for the new year.

P.S. It was great to see many of you at AU 2013. This past AU was one of the 
best for me, and I had the opportunity to attend many interesting sessions and 
have long conversations with many of you. The trip was really worth it, and I 
cannot wait to go back next year.

