---
layout: post
title: What's New in the Civil 3D 2014 API
category: CivilDev
tags:
    - c3d2014
    - corridors
    - sectionview
---

Let me tell you, the API team has been very busy during the 2014 project cycle. 
There's still more work to do, but this past year has been great, and we have 
been able to provide a great set of new functionality in the API that I am sure 
is going to please many of you.

Are you using COM because Corridors wasn't fully available in .NET? Well, no 
more. The 2014 release provides a full-blown API to work with Corridors. We 
provided access to the Corridor object, as well as all its components. You can 
now, programmatically, manipulate Baseline, Regions, Assemblies, and 
Subassemblies, as well as their components. This functionality allows you to 
build a Corridor from scratch using the API.

The 2014 API also provides full support for Sample Lines, Sections, and Section 
Views. These features were highly requested by you, and now, they are available 
in our latest release. You can find a complete list of new functionality at the 
[on-line documentation site](http://wikihelp.autodesk.com/AutoCAD_Civil_3D/enu/2014/Help/API_Developer's_Guide/0001-About_th1/0005-New_Feat5).

But the release is not only about new features. We also want to provide a high 
quality API, and that means solving issues with previous versions and fixing 
defects. The new release is full of fixes and improvements to existing APIs, 
many of them, reported by you through this blog or direct communication. We’ve 
received many requests for functionality that have also been addressed in this 
release. Overall, this is the most solid release of the API, and we are very 
happy with its quality.

I want to congratulate the team for a solid release and thank them for their 
efforts. It was a busy year and there is more to come, but we always strive to 
provide a high-quality API and tools that allow our partners to build all sorts 
of applications.

