---
layout: post
title: API Survey and DevCamp 2012
category: CivilDev
tags:
    - devcamp
---

Let’s take a quick break from the 21 Weeks of Jay Peak series to talk about a 
few things going on with the API. First, let me remind you that ADN has posted 
a wish list survey for the AutoCAD Civil 3D API. The deadline to fill the survey 
is June 11th, and you fill it up to give us your feedback and help us plan 
future releases. For some reason, I thought I posted about the survey when it 
was first published, but I cannot find the post, so maybe I did not. I apologize 
either way, and I hope you can take some time to fill it now.

This week ADN is running the AEC Dev Camp in Waltham MA. I was there yesterday 
giving a lecture and participating in a couple of sessions. It was nice to meet 
some of you or see you again face to face. I think the sessions went well and 
there was plenty of good discussions. We will take all the feedback with us and 
consider it very carefully for future plans.

My session yesterday talked about the COGO Points API. If you have been 
following me for the past few weeks, you have read a lot about it already, and 
you will read more in upcoming weeks. But in case you are interested, you can 
download all the source for the lecture from the CogoPointsDemo repository I 
created at BitBucket. Materials for all sessions have been posted to a public 
Buzzsaw project. There is plenty of good materials for all AEC applications 
development, so I am sure you want to check it out.

If assisted Dev Camp this year, it was nice to see you; if you did not, keep an 
eye for upcoming events. They are always fun.

